procrastination is tough. It is hard to stop procrastinating. I think
for myself, the reason that I find myself wanting to procrastinate is
because whatever the task at hand is, it seems too big and I can't
I just I can't do it. And so I found a useful strategy in that case
is to break that task down into much smaller items. And if I can just
get a couple of those done, it really helps with my motivation to
then continue on and tackle the rest of it. So that would be my advice
is Thio break big things down into small pieces? Andi, just try
to get a few of those pieces done like maybe every day or every week,
Or, you know, however, it fits your schedule.